>> Brian Holt: We're gonna talk about
coverage real quick, code coverage,
which is stupid easy because
actually already built into Jest.
So all we're gonna do is say
npm run test -- --coverage.
Like that.
>> Brian Holt: Run that,
it's gonna run our test again.
But it's gonna give us a code
coverage report via Istanbul,
which is the one that everyone uses for
JavaScript.
And it's going to give us this nice
little graph here that says hey,
you tested every line in Search,
so you can be like,
every line in Search.js
got covered by a test.
And we also covered 50% of statements in
ShowCard just by pulling it in, right,
which is also kind of interesting.
It tells you the lines that you missed.
But we got 100% of branching,
100% of functions,
which is just really interesting.
And then what's cool about
it is all this is for free.
We wrote nothing to get this.
This is just already build into Jest.
What's even cooler about
this is you can say,
open this.
>> Brian Holt: Coverage, and
then there's that lcov-report/index.html.
>> Brian Holt: So
this'll open in your browser.
Just notice that I opened
like in the files.
So you can just do like a command
open here, and find it as well.
But it's the lcov-report, and
then the index.html in there.
>> Speaker 2: That open by the way is only
OSX.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I think it only is OSX.
Sorry.
[LAUGH]
But just open in your browser,
right, that's the sum of the story here.
So we can actually look and
get like this nice report.
You can see this got ran 65 times.
This got ran 84 times.
This got run once, right?
We can go back to the ShowCard and we can
see this was run once, this was run once,
but you can notice here that
render was never run, right?
So we actually never
rendered a ShowCard but
everything else we can guarantee is at
least syntactically correct, right?
And that it doesn't have
any runtime errors.
>> Brian Holt: But I think it's cool,
it shows you these two
statements didn't get run.
And that's all stuff just
built into Istanbul for
free.
>> Brian Holt: So
we're gonna quickly just put a line
here in package.json just for coverage.
So we're gonna say "cover": "npm"
run test.
>> Brian Holt: --
--coverage.
>> Brian Holt: Right,
that's what it was?
>> Brian Holt: Yep, so
now we can do npn run cover anytime
you want to know what that is.
>> Brian Holt: And-
>> Speaker 3: Can we see that again?
>> Brian Holt: See this?
Okay, so my last little note
before I let you go for the day,
we kind of addressed a little bit
earlier is hot module reload.
I talked about how that works, that it
just lets you kind of plug in pieces.
We're not gonna work on it in
this workshop just because we're
in-between major versions and
the new one's not fully baked,
the old one doesn't work super well.
Doesn't work super well, but
that's not how I want to qualify it.
But it wouldn't work well with this app.
So we're not gonna cover it today.
But it is a cool technology,
one that you should investigate and
definitely look out when
the new version comes out.
And I'll definitely keep
on the version 2 repo
a note on how to do it once
the new version comes out.
But that will do us for today.
Is there any questions that you
all wanna talk about before we
leave?
>> Speaker 3: In
the npm scripts we have like a dash
dash kind of between commands.
So like the last one has npm
run test dash dash, space dash,
is that kind of like the same as
just doing an ampersand ampersand?
>> Brian Holt: No, so
what this does is it says, I want you
to do whatever is in test, right?
So it's gonna run this
statement right here.
And then I want you to pass whatever's
after this directly to that, right?
So this would be the same
as doing --coverage, right?
So it just appends that to the end.
>> Brian Holt: Good question.